n'golo kante
136
breel embolo
67
64
forward
yimmi chara
2
sadio mane
marin leovac
ivan perisic
ken sema
martin silva
259
2002
99,354
giorgio chiellini
228
bvb dortmund
1934
jesus navas
85
mario pasalic
23
141
thomas tuchel
1.79 m
ragnar sigurdsson
toni kroos
roberto martínez
emre can
81,044
miguel layun
stefan savic
sebastian coates
115
robin olsen
karl-johan johnsson
ante rebic
marco reus
16 (first in 1930)
cheikhou kouyate
william troost-ekong
0
2 (first in 2002)
mariano diaz
78
oliver torres
haris seferovic
ricardo quaresma
2006
samu castillejo
15 (first in 1930)
27
4
340
michy batshuayi
marquinhos
jose mauri
232
diego costa
jorge nuno pinto da costa
salif sane
cesar montes
ari freyr skulason
105
mateo kovacic
kingsley coman
13 (first in 1930)
24
santiago bernabéu stadium
ivan rakitic
avram glazer
josé mourinho
adrien rabiot
zinedine zidane
leonardo bonucci
julian weigl
73
camilo vargas
moussa konate
odion ighalo
chelsea
62
jacob bruun larsen
ciro immobile
ismaila sarr
gernot rohr
emerson
30
italy
68
22
spain
61
86
305
1899
koke
giovani lo celso
callum hudson-odoi
54
diego laxalt
william carvalho
hector bellerin
neymar
alvaro odriozola
peter etebo
arturo vidal
jose gimenez
hector herrera
didier deschamps
bruno alves
danny welbeck
naby keita
trent alexander-arnold
viktor claesson
alisson
borna barisic
12
riccardo montolivo
idrissa gueye
gennaro gattuso
argentina
mateo musacchio
raphael varane
176
sérgio conceição
albert gudmundsson
maxi pereira
alexander fransson
arsenal
edinson cavani
toby alderweireld
goalkeeper
anfield
121
manuel akanji
thilo kehrer
black and red
lucas paqueta
1.70 m
41,507
colin dagba
antoine griezmann
timm klose
ben woodburn
thomas partey
fabio borini
leandro paredes
ruben dias
federico bernardeschi
yacine brahimi
serge gnabry
101
danilo pereira
manuel neuer
simon mignolet
shkodran mustafi
lionel messi
moussa wague
carlos vela
mohamed salah
250
ahmed musa
rafa silva
8
mats hummels
59
11 (first in 1934)
159
benjamin pavard
davide zappacosta
yann sommer
badou ndiaye
james rodriguez
andre silva
georginio wijnaldum
ikechukwu ezenwa
46
112
carlos queiroz
radamel falcao
roberto mancini
126
5
204
jadon sancho
maurizio sarri
1998
wojciech szczesny
jan oblak
switzerland
alex iwobi
franck ribery
david ospina
uruguay
eden hazard
118
1978
joe gomez
arnor ingvi traustason
karl-heinz rummenigge
fabian schar
jonathan rodriguez
djibril sidibe
janne andersson
1970
birkir mar saevarsson
stamford bridge
matthias ginter
angel di maria
blue and white
óscar tabárez
leroy sane
adnan januzaj
abel aguilar
santiago arias
douglas costa
nico elvedi
remo freuler
davide calabria
fagner
paulinho
robin quaison
1974
ruben loftus-cheek
gylfi sigurdsson
111
emil krafth
jonathan tah
107
40,853
maxico
102
87
fernando
72
flame orange color scheme
lukasz piszczek
tiemoue bakayoko
ever banega
ahmed musa
gary cahill
177
christian benteke
danilo
diego godin
martin caceres
108
50,033
mattia de sciglio
renato steffen
12 (first in 1934)
106
1.89 m
415
clement lenglet
atletico madrid
95
yannick carrasco
122
ander herrera
shehu abdullahi
lucas vazquez
marc-andre ter stegen
filip helander
1.80 m
wanda metropolitano
albin ekdal
josep maria bartomeu
94
sergio ramos
semi ajayi
hannes thor halldorsson
niko kovač
alexis sanchez
dani ceballos
rob holding
vincent aboubakar
hugo lloris
1.75 m
joao mario
roberto firmino
abdou diallo
fernando muslera
39
165
cfc
alberto moreno
marco asensio
andres iniesta
40
john mikel obi
nicolas tagliafico
portugal
adam lallana
vladimir petković
rurik gislason
29
gerard pique
nani
albian ajeti
75
1938
unai emery
matteo guendouzi
raul jimenez
antonio candreva
andrea agnelli
158
1.82 m
romelu lukaku
diego reyes
thomas lemar
jordan henderson
christopher nkunku
diogo dalot
45
moussa sissoko
2018
willian
iker casillas
karim benzema
anton tinnerholm
ludwig augustinsson
andrew robertson
maximilian philipp
hakan calhanoglu
110
nikola kalinic
nestor araujo
keylor navas
1990
thorgan hazard
jan vertonghen
120
1986
rodrigo bentancur
steven zuber
sebastian larsson
16
149
presnel kimpembe
nahitan nandez
philippe coutinho
nacer chadli
florian thauvin
mateus uribe
xherdan shaqiri
john ogu
nasser al-khelaifi
gustav svensson
bruce buck
san siro
41
50
diego godin
andres guardado
1903
soares
92
dani alves
nicolo barella
5 (first in 1998)
nikola vlasic
renato sanches
lucas torreira
nacho monreal
lautaro martinez
97
268
lionel scaloni
javier aquino
113
129
377
isco
steve mandanda
roberto pereyra
chris smalling
1.92 m
52
sokratis papastathopoulos
france
wilfred ndidi
lucien favre
krzysztof piatek
white and red
lucas biglia
69
marcus berg
nemanja matic
mousa dembele
daniel sturridge
germany
53
7 (first in 1966)
divock origi
psg
elderson echiejile
dani carvajal
marcelo
36
paolo scaroni
michael lang
26
190
real madrid
franck kessie
235
dan-axel zagadou
48
gianluigi buffon
bayern munich
hordur bjorgvin magnusson
carl jenkinson
victor palsson
roman burki
18 (first in 1934)
kevin mirallas
gabriel jesus
ogenyi onazi
kepa arrizabalaga
sergio romero
6 (first in 1994)
erick gutierrez
1958
jorginho
kristoffer nordfeldt
olivier giroud
74
125
goncalo guedes
thomas meunier
32
antonio rudiger
jeison murillo
130
1962
german pezzella
hirving lozano
nacho
jose fonte
11
alex telles
1.77 m
eden hazard
joel matip
mario gotze
red and white
giacomo bonaventura
allianz stadium
131
81,365
fede valverde
198
bernd leno
446
1950
luis enrique
giorgian de arrascaeta
blerim dzemaili
cristiano ronaldo
raul albiol
249
53,394
sverrir ingi ingason
74,879
aliou cissé
6 (first in 1962)
sami khedira
mesut ozil
luis montes
1.83 m
1878
marcel schmelzer
adrian lopez
filip bradaric
marcos llorente
150
andrej kramaric
filipe luis
henry onyekuru
leander dendoncker
238
estádio do dragãoporto, portugal
marcelo brozovic
red and black
angel correa
jimmy durmaz
336
andreas pereira
153
robert lewandowski
tin jedvaj
allianz arena
239
13
moise kean
82
275
15
cristian zapata
93
nico schulz
1.94 m
80,018
old trafford
wilson manafa
colombia
35
77
2010
193
richarlison
1.68 m
1.74 m
paulo dybala
17
240
aaron ramsey
56
tom werner
1886
28
miralem pjanic
neymar
moussa marega
cristiano biraghi
65
diego simeone
senegal
84
1.93 m
yerry mina
1.71 m
saul
marcos rojo
178 cm
1897
henrikh mkhitaryan
davinson sanchez
marcos acuna
76
47,929
alfred finnbogason
malcom
hernani
camp nou
enrique cerezo
yellow
fabinho
311
sergio busquets
jesus gallardo
eric maxim choupo-moting
laurent koscielny
2014
152
1966
90
federico valverde
fred
mario rui
julian brandt
ousmane dembele
manuel neuer
alessio romagnoli
david luiz
hans-joachim watzke
juan cuadrado
carlos salcedo
luis suarez
leon goretzka
gareth bale
42
rafinha
isaac brizuela
saul niguez
1.87 m
joachim löw
omer toprak
202
hjortur hermannsson
inigo martinez
214
luis rodriguez
beto
andres guardado
daniel akpeyi
roberto alvarado
sven ulreich
thiago silva
ainsley maitland-niles
nicolas otamendi
1.97 m
keita balde
giorgio chellini
jonathan dos santos
johann berg gudmundsson
teofilo gutierrez
samuel umtiti
joshua kimmich
20
m'baye niang
liverpool
ernesto valverde
moussa diaby
1.90 m
99
arthur
44
duvan zapata
cristhian stuani
zlatko dalić
juan bernat
casemiro
andrea barzagli
joao cancelo
sweden
andreas christensen
luka modrić
matteo darmian
jon gudni fjoluson
58
giorgio chiellini
paul pogba
sergio ramos
pedro
david alaba
1.73 m
mame biram diouf
sead kolasinac
162
nigeria
stanley nsoki
14
sergi roberto
david de gea
youri tielemans
erik hamrén
1 (first in 2018)
ilkay gundogan
1.78 m
gianluigi donnarumma
eder militao
gonzalo higuain
diego godín
21
18
andrea bertolacci
andre pereira
felipe
sir chips keswick
pierre-emerick aubameyang
88
alex sandro
corentin tolisso
dries mertens
fabio quagliarella
1.91 m
1.72 m
mexico
38
lamine gassama
marco verratti
10
jesus vallejo
34
cheikh n'doye
joao moutinho
ross barkley
89
gerardo martino
virgil van dijk
thomas delaney
birkir bjarnason
salvatore sirigu
jose de jesus corona
westfalenstadion
aron gunnarsson
jefferson lerma
white
kenneth omeruo
antonio valencia
aron gunnarsson
giovani dos santos
florentino pérez
sadio mane
1893
james rodriguez
jürgen klopp
19
guillermo ochoa
emirates stadium
victor guzman
114
kevin de bruyne
15 (first in 1934)
jamilu collins
mario gavranovic
sebastian larsson
55
1.86 m
1
alphonse areola
jason denayer
luka modric
kristoffer olsson
jordi alba
1.95 m
arjen robben
daniele rugani
francis uzoho
midfielder
269
kari arnason
suso
104
144
7
mario mandzukic
gabriel mercado
emil hallfredsson
1.96 m
179
kylian mbappe
133
1.85 m
radamel falcao
fernando santos
sadio mané
43
1892
66
98
lovre kalinic
andreas granqvist
blue
juanfran
alvaro morata
javier hernandez
1954
nabil fekir
1930
juventus
alex oxlade-chamberlain
70
luka modric
axel witsel
sergio aguero
brazil
croatia
109
dario benedetto
runar mar sigurjonsson
leon balogun
139
1.69 m
1.88 m
rodolfo pizarro
achraf hakimi
raphael guerreiro
143
ignazio abate
31
alfred n'diaye
75,000
neymar[2]
red
jose juan vazquez
matias vecino
domagoj vida
37
1905
anthony martial
john obi mikel
rodri
thibaut courtois
burgundy and blue
miranda
rui patricio
100
3
danny drinkwater
lucas hernandez
1900
denis zakaria
granit xhaka
ricardo rodriguez
151
63
ruben neves
ac milan
51
221
maxi gomez
paco alcacer
jerome boateng
chidozie awaziem
bryan cristante
marcos alonso
ola aina
otavio
scott mctominay
1.81 m
victor lindelof
james milner
edson alvarez
vitolo
carlos sanchez
defender
toni kroos
57
admir mehmedi
25
pepe
79
paris sg
juan mata
niklas sule
96
johan djourou
1982
ashley young
60
80
julian draxler
mikael lustig
black and white
174
kalidou koulibaly
bernardo silva
layvin kurzawa
petr cech
casemiro
17 (first in 1930)
21 (first in 1930)
blaise matuidi
33
manchester united
iceland
milan badelj
81
173
9
stephan lichtsteiner
1.76 m
belgium
moses simon
youssouf sabaly
gaston pereiro
175
fc. porto
marko rog
194
1994
marcus rashford
thomas muller
vidar orn kjartansson
claudio marchisio
samuel kalu
mohamed elneny
fabiano
jesse lingard
timo werner
hugo lloris
phil jones
1909
6
andrea conti
mattia perin
parc des princes
tite[1]
47
alexandre lacazette
nelson semedo
wilmar barrios
1.84 m
71
nicolas lodeiro
cristian rodriguez
david silva
luke shaw
181
thiago
runar alex runarsson
pizzi
1902
patrick cutrone
1.65 m
67,703
123
cesar azpilicueta
leonardo spinazzola
19 (first in 1934)
mahmoud dahoud
155
barcelona
cristiano ronaldo
andreas granqvist
jesus corona
thomas vermaelen
carlos bacca
hector moreno
andrés guardado
luis muriel
ola toivonen
rodrigo
ogmundur kristinsson
60,260
eric bailly
carles alena
148
marius wolf
sergio reguilon
vincent kompany
119
dejan lovren
164
49
javi martinez
